Str0001: Test scenario win text.
Str0002: Test scenario lose text.
Str0003: Test scenario advice text.
Str0004: Welcome. I am your Mentat, and you may call me Ammon. To be of any value to the Cartel, you must provide us with credits. As a test, we will assign you to a region, and ask that you meet a production quota of 1000 credits. Build a refinery and harvest the spice in the area. I am very busy, but you may call upon me if you have further questions.
Str0005: You show potential. If you continue to display good management skills we may find a permanent position for you in our organization.
Str0006: It is beyond me how you were able to fail such an easy task. Because you come so highly recommended, we may be able to overlook this episode if you are successful with your next assignment.
Str0007: First build a two by two group of concrete slabs.  Then build a windtrap and place it upon the concrete.  Do the same for a refinery so that you can reach your quota of 1000 credits.
Str0008: Your quota is now 2700 credits, and this spice accumulation is your primary objective. We do not expect you to destroy the Harkonnen forces in the area, however you should consider the time that could be saved by appropriating their silos.
Str0009: Congratulations. The Cartel is beginning to notice you. I think you will definitely have a future with us if you can continue on this track.
Str0010: Apparently, I was mistaken about your potential. It will cost us a great deal to retake this region. Only complete success with your next assignment could possibly resurrect your career.
Str0011: If you have a windtrap then build a barracks in order to produce soldiers. I would do so to provide a greater defense for your harvesting operation.
Str0012: We find the activities of Atreides troops in this region inconvenient. Please remove this obstacle. We cannot allow the mythical value of fair play to impede our progress.
Str0013: Excellent! There were rumors that some sort of moral objections would hinder your effectiveness. I am glad to see that you have risen above these petty sensitivities.
Str0014: Your clumsy management has cost us dearly! This is not a game. We cannot just start over every time you fail to concentrate on the task before you. I suggest you rid yourself of all outside interests and devote yourself completely to your next assignment!
Str0015: You need to build a Light Factory to produce the weapons necessary to complete your mission.
Str0016: The Atreides forces in this area must be eliminated. As always, we appreciate your capture of any enemy silos or other structures that might be salvageable.
Str0017: A masterful victory, but be cautious! Your reputation will now precede you in future engagements, and you may find your foes better prepared for your tactics.
Str0018: How could you possibly fail so quickly? My grandmother could command more efficiently than you! Get back out there and show some initiative, or stop wasting my time!
Str0019: The addition of tanks in your forces is essential to your victory in this region.
Str0020: So, our spies reveal why the Sardaukar attacked us in your last mission. I will need to look into this. Although the Harkonnen commanders are laughably stupid, their military strength is a threat to us in this area. They must be eliminated as soon as possible.
Str0021: Congratulations would be in order, but we expect these results when you are in charge. Your continued success brings honor to your family, and all of us in House Ordos.
Str0022: You bungling fool! Did you expect your enemies to run away at the mere sight of you? Remember: your brain will win the war, not your bullets!
Str0023: The production of Carryalls will greatly speed up your harvesting operations.
Str0024: The Atreides have become far too vocal in this sector, and whine constantly about their rights. We Ordos do not have the leisure of pointless conversation, and must ask that you eliminate this distraction.
Str0025: Well done! Your successful military campaigns have created a political atmosphere well suited to our particular bargaining skills. Keep up the good work!
Str0026: Do you instruct your troops to fire randomly into the air? Is there any plan to your idiotic maneuvers? I suggest that you no longer allow your dog assist in managing your assignments!
Str0027: I advise you to produce and then place Rocket Turrets at strategic defensive positions around your installation.
Str0028: Harkonnen forces continue to thwart our efforts in this region, and must be removed completely. Crush their beloved troopers and they will run crying back to their ugly mothers!
Str0029: Excellent! You have won a great victory for House Ordos. Doesn't inflicting such a humiliating defeat make your breakfast taste better?
Str0030: Your failure could not have been timed more poorly! What status and bargaining power can we maintain when you display such ineptitude in the field?
Str0031: The Deviator is a powerful ally against enemy forces.
Str0032: Both Atreides and Harkonnen forces oppose our control of this area and must therefore be destroyed. The time for cooperation and compromise has past, and all enemies of House Ordos must be eliminated!
Str0033: I just received the wonderful news of your stunning victory! I am very pleased, and look forward to telling my grandchildren that it was I who served as Mentat to such a brilliant Ordos commander.
Str0034: You do not exist in a vacuum! Your ineptitude has endangered everything House Ordos has worked to create here on Arrakis! You had better think about the consequences of your actions, and make whatever amends possible as quickly as you can!
Str0035: Utilize your Palace's special option whenever possible, for it costs nothing and it will recharge.
Str0036: Emperor Frederick has joined the list of Ordos' enemies, and must be punished. Destroy his troops and any Atreides and Harkonnen remnants that still oppose us on this planet. We have risked everything on this final battle, and cannot tolerate less than your best effort.
Str0037: Good Morning, your lordship, and congratulations! You have served House Ordos well. We will not soon forget our most noble warrior! I go now to relay the news of your most glorious victory, and deliver your terms to the Emperor.
Str0038: Your defects must have been inherited. Nobody could possibly learn the colossal stupidity that you have displayed.
Str0039: Watch for sneak attacks, defend your installations well. 
