Str0001: win text.
Str0002: lose text.
Str0003: advice text.
Str0004: Greetings, I am your Mentat Cyril. Together we will purge this planet of the foulness of the other Houses. The High Command wishes you to produce 1000 credits. You may earn credits by building a refinery and harvesting spice.
Str0005: Congratulations! I knew that you would achieve your goal with very little trouble. I look forward to assisting you in future missions.
Str0006: This is very disappointing. We had such high hopes for you. We must insist that you try again. Our confidence is surely not misplaced, and we look forward to the successful completion of your first test.
Str0007: First build a two by two group of concrete slabs.  Then build a windtrap and place it upon the concrete.  Do the same for a refinery so that you can reach your quota of 1000 credits.
Str0008: Greetings, I am honored to see you again. The High Command now requires that you produce 2700 credits in a new harvesting area. Unfortunately, we have confirmed the presence of an Ordos base in this region. Good luck!
Str0009: Well done! Our effort to maintain fair play on this planet is opposed by both the Ordos and the Harkonnen. The spice that you collected will help us greatly in our efforts.
Str0010: The loss of this region to the Ordos will hurt House Atreides greatly. Please try harder next time. The seriousness of your mission cannot be overemphasized!
Str0011: If you have a windtrap then build a barracks in order to produce soldiers. I would do so to provide a greater defense for your harvesting operation.
Str0012: The battle with the other Houses has intensified, and we are now forced to engage in some selected offensive maneuvers. The Harkonnen are being extremely troublesome in your next region, and we must ask that you remove their presence from the area.
Str0013: Hurrah!  Although I prefer defense, a fine offensive against such a deserving foe as the Harkonnen is a joy to behold and a reaffirmation of all that is good and right. House Atreides thanks you for your efforts!
Str0014: It is a cruel world, is it not? I'm not sure if I was expecting divine intervention, but as I watched your defeat I could not help thinking how unfair it was!
Str0015: You need to build a Light Factory to produce the weapons necessary to complete your mission.
Str0016: Your demonstration of military skills now forces us to assign you to another offensive campaign against House Harkonnen. They have continued to attack our peaceful harvesters, and must be removed from the area!
Str0017: Well done! No task seems too difficult for you. The Harkonnen will think twice before attacking our harvesters again!
Str0018: Although I understand the problems confronting you, I will confess that I am disappointed by your defeat. I am not sure what went wrong, but please do not let it happen again!
Str0019: The addition of tanks in your forces is essential to your victory in this region.
Str0020: Welcome. The rules seem to have changed. As you have witnessed, the Emperor himself has been aiding the efforts of our competitors!  As a part of our new strategy, we must ask that you eliminate the treacherous Ordos forces that presently control this region.
Str0021: Congratulations again!  There seems to be no limit to your talents. I have to think that some divine force motivated your decision to serve within House Atreides. Our gain was certainly the others' loss!
Str0022: This defeat of yours will not look good in my reports. I am not sure how much longer we can afford to support you. There are many others clamoring to take your place, so I suggest that you do whatever is required to be victorious in your next encounters!
Str0023: The production of Carryalls will greatly speed up your harvesting operations.
Str0024: As the battle for this planet intensifies, all efforts must be taken to ensure our success. Once again, we must call upon you to destroy our enemies in a troubled sector. House Harkonnen must be taught a lesson. Thank you, and good luck!
Str0025: Hurrah! We have them on the run now, and it's all because of you. Your successes have been remarkable! Are you sure you didn't graduate from one of the intergalactic military academies?
Str0026: There is a time for excuses, but this is not it!  I don't understand how you could have bungled the entire campaign! You have no choice but to apply yourself more diligently during your next assignment.
Str0027: I advise you to produce and then place Rocket Turrets at strategic defensive positions around your installation.
Str0028: The battle goes well, but there is no time to relax. We have an urgent need for you to subdue all Ordos forces in this region promptly. Our ongoing negotiations are aided immeasurably by corresponding victories in the field. We are counting on you.
Str0029: Excellent! Your skill seems to improve with each assignment, and your exploits give great confidence to those on the home front. Keep up the good work!
Str0030: My goodness, what an awful defeat! Perhaps we have given you too much responsibility. If you fail at your next assignment we will have to seriously consider sending you home!
Str0031: The Sonic Tank is a powerful ally against enemy troops.
Str0032: Although you have earned a well-deserved rest, I'm afraid the political situation requires that we send you back into the field immediately. Both Ordos and Harkonnen forces have built up to unacceptable levels in this region, and now must be removed completely.
Str0033: A masterful victory! Frankly, we would not be able to remain on Dune without your military guidance. We have come to rely completely on you sir, and cannot imagine further success without you!
Str0034: A defeat is never welcome, but this loss is particularly devastating! All of our efforts may soon prove futile unless you can provide a victory in your next campaign!
Str0035: Utilize your Palace's special option whenever possible, for it costs nothing and it will recharge.
Str0036: Your next assignment will determine the entire outcome of our efforts here on Dune. Victory will not come easily. In addition to destroying all remaining Ordos and Harkonnen troops, you are also instructed to subdue Emperor Frederick's forces. All of our hopes and dreams are riding with you, and we humbly beg of you to provide one final victory for our noble House Atreides.
Str0037: Good Morning, your lordship, and congratulations!  You have served House Atreides well. We will not soon forget our most noble warrior! I go now to relay the news of your most glorious victory, and deliver your terms to the Emperor.
Str0038: Your defects must have been inherited. Nobody could possibly learn the colossal stupidity that you have displayed.
Str0039: Watch for sneak attacks, defend your installations well. 
