Str0001: Test scenario win text.
Str0002: Test scenario lose text.
Str0003: Test scenario advice text.
Str0004: I am the Mentat, Radnor. With my guidance, you may be able to assist us in conquering this dusty, little planet. For your first test you will be expected to produce 1000 credits, and not a granule less. You may earn credits by harvesting spice, and will need to build a refinery to convert spice to credits. If any of our foolish enemies attempt to attack your base you will have the pleasure of seeing the invincible Harkonnen troops in action.
Str0005: You have pleased me. Continue to serve me well, and I will see to it that you are rewarded.
Str0006: You are beneath my contempt. Do you know what happens to those who have failed House Harkonnen?
Str0007: First build a two by two group of concrete slabs.  Then build a windtrap and place it upon the concrete.  Do the same for a refinery so that you can reach your quota of 1000 credits.
Str0008: House Harkonnen has generously granted you a new opportunity to serve us. We will now allow you to take command in a more dangerous area, and accumulate 2700 credits. Although the worthless Atreides you may encounter in this region should always be eliminated as a matter of principle, the spice quota is your objective.
Str0009: Again you have pleased me. You remind me of myself in my youth. You may indeed have true Harkonnen blood coursing through your veins!
Str0010: I cannot believe that you were incapable of accumulating your quota. It was a simple task that should have let us examine your leadership capabilities. I suggest you do not try my patience further.
Str0011: If you have a windtrap then build a House of WOR structure in order to produce troopers. I would do so to provide a greater defense for your harvesting operation.
Str0012: The despised Ordos are well established in this region, and are harvesting spice that should rightfully belong to House Harkonnen. Destroy the Ordos installations in this area and assert control in the name of House Harkonnen.
Str0013: Congratulations. You are making progress. Several of my associates have expressed pessimistic thoughts concerning your abilities, and I am glad that you have proved them wrong. Let us see now if my confidence in you is misplaced.
Str0014: I knew it!  Several of my associates had expressed confidence in your abilities, but I knew that you were too weak to be a Harkonnen commander! Guards! Remove this stench before it fouls the entire planet!
Str0015: You need to build a Light Factory to produce the weapons necessary to complete your mission.
Str0016: One small victory does not win the war. Another region has the misfortune to be infested with vermin from House Ordos, and you must now repeat your success. I have many delicate political negotiations on my mind, and I don't need to be worrying about loose ends.
Str0017: Well done. The Ordos dogs make amusing noises when they die, do they not? Indeed, what good is our life if we cannot enjoy the simple pleasures?
Str0018: Is this the way you repay my faith in you?  Such a serious loss could only have been deliberate!  You are unfit to clean our latrines, much less command our glorious Troopers!
Str0019: The addition of tanks in your forces is essential to your victory in this region.
Str0020: So, the Emperor was helping the Ordos in your last mission. Never the less, House Atreides has grown stronger due to our negligence, and must now be taught a lesson. You will remove all the Atreides from this region.
Str0021: In appreciation for your recent performance, I will now allow you to resume the struggle with the Ordos. At least they will put up a fight worthy of our Troopers.
Str0022: Perhaps you miss your mother?  I am worried about you and cannot let you progress further until you have proved yourself against the Atreides.
Str0023: The production of Carryalls will greatly speed up your harvesting operations.
Str0024: You are to proceed into yet another luckless region dominated by those pesky Ordos, and I expect you to overcome this particularly troublesome Ordos group. We have established a good reputation on this planet. Do not embarrass me now!
Str0025: The victor's laurels fit you well my son!  I may even refer other aspirants to study your tactics. I would personally apologize for having underestimated the Ordos strength in your last campaign, but that is no longer a relevant concern of ours, is it?
Str0026: Surely this is a tasteless joke?  How could you manage such a defeat? I may have to slit your throat myself just to calm down!  Did you plan to fail in revenge for some imagined wrong?
Str0027: I advise you to produce and then place Rocket Turrets at strategic defensive positions around your installation.
Str0028: Reports of new Atreides activity require that I send you immediately back to the front line. You do not seem to enjoy rest and relaxation anyway. I think you would prefer to crush the Atreides.
Str0029: Congratulations. It is a pleasure to see the weak Atreides dealt with so severely!
Str0030: Your failure has caused me no end of embarrassment. It will not happen again. Guards!
Str0031: The Devastator is a powerful ally against enemy forces.
Str0032: I have used my influence to arrange a Palace for you. A commander of your status may require relaxation occasionally, but I expect an even greater efficiency on your part will come from our generosity. Both Atreides and Ordos forces exist in this region, and all must be eliminated!
Str0033: Although praise may be due, you will not have that luxury. Serving House Harkonnen is reward enough!  If you need flattery, then die in our cause! We will speak fondly of you forever!
Str0034: Guards! How did this weakling get in here?! He is a Loser, and must not be allowed to corrupt others in our house. If this happens again, I will personally dissect several of you!
Str0035: Utilize your Palace's special option whenever possible, for it costs nothing and it will recharge.
Str0036: We have been deceived!  Our bargaining in good faith has only brought a treacherous harvest. All have conspired against us, and so all must die! Your military skills are our last remaining hope for this planet. Destroy all remaining Atreides and Ordos forces, and conquer the Emperor's Palace. He has treated us poorly, and must not live another day!
Str0037: Good Morning, your lordship, and congratulations!  You have served me, I mean House Harkonnen, well. Our House will not soon forget our most noble warrior! I go now to relay the news of your most glorious victory, and deliver your terms to the Emperor.
Str0038: Your defects must have been inherited. Nobody could possibly learn the colossal stupidity that you have displayed.
Str0039: Watch for sneak attacks, defend your installations well. 
